Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
No!
They're planning five
simultaneous attacks.
The US Consulate,
the Galata Synagogue...
both Bosporus bridges
and right here, the subway.
They've also kidnapped
some high-profile businessmen.
Salim, how is this connected to
today's assassination?
I don't know.
I found out by chance.
They've just begun to trust me.
I'm being sent to Batman.
Okay, Salim. Stay in touch with Remzi.
We'll handle things tomorrow. Goodbye.
Terrorists strike again in Istanbul.
Journalist Dursun Þahin has been killed
in a car bombing similar to...
...the murders of Ahmet Kýþlalý,
Uður Mumcu and Bahriye Üçok.
What do you think?
Who is responsible for this?
Unfortunately, we've never been able
to find out who's behind...
these kinds of assassinations.
I couldn't tell you.
Oðuz, are you on top
of the investigation?
Mahmut's meeting with Salim.
I just spoke with Fýrat.
He said none of the congregations would
plan something like this.
I've given orders to all the units.
This is not good.
Did they not rain bombs on little
children during night raids...
...in Iraq? Palestine? Afghanistan?
What have the world or the United Nations
done to stop them?
Their only purpose is to enforce
blockades on poor countries.
They seize other people's
homes and settle in them...
...they think they can control
the world with their guns.
They don't realize that
it is divine mercy and intervention...
...and reverence for our Prophet...
...that makes the world go round.
How many times is a fire,
a storm, a scourge...
O, killers of babies!
Have mercy!
Mercy!
O, spawn of Satan,
have mercy!
Mercy!
O, nest of abominations,
mercy, mercy, mercy!
The things of this world
are temporary. Do no evil, my brothers.
Do not stray from
the path of Allah.
At ease, Police Academy graduates!
Stand at attention!
Friends...
...you have graduated...
...and will begin to serve
and protect across the nation.
You may be called
upon to sacrifice your lives...
...in the line of fire
as you protect and defend...
...the lives, property and honor
of all the citizens of this country...
...regardless of language,
religion and race.
Congratulations and good luck.
Thank you!
It's the police!
Hasan, Muhammed!
Quick, man your posts!
Take your places. It's a raid!
The birds are in the cage.
Start the operation.
Acar!
RPG!
Acar, the balcony!
We're going in.
Come on.
Grenade!
Quick. Hurry!
Acar!
Remzi! Remzi!
Mahmut, is the operation over?
Yes, sir. /
How'd it go?
We've lost six men.
Remzi is dead.
My condolences.
We've also got two men injured.
18 terrorists are dead, sir.
All right, Mahmut.
I'm certain they have support from overseas. /
We must find out who it is. /
Let's collect some more donations
for our Palestinian brothers.
Metin and Cemil,
go visit the congregation.
Baki, go to the Koran courses.
Burhan, take Ömer and go see our
nationalist brothers.
Godspeed.
Peace be upon you.
As nationalist Turkish youth,
we vow to fight against communism, fascism...
...capitalism, Zionism...
...and all forms of imperialism...
...to our last soldier, last breath...
...and last drop of blood.
Our struggle...
...will continue until
all Turkic people are united.
We are undaunted.
We will not give up!
We will succeed.
May Allah protect us and empower us.
Amen.
Welcome hodjas.
Thank you.
How may I be of service?
The Hodja sent us.
In the name of Allah, our brothers
in Palestine need your help.
May the Lord reward
your good deeds.
We're ready to help our
Palestinian brothers in any way we can.
Just give us two days.
May God bless your generosity.
Godspeed.
Thank you, May God watch over you.
Thank you.
Ömer, I'm going shopping
with the boys. Peace be upon you.
Goodbye.
Thank you.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Tea man!
Since when do we serve sect
members?
What are you looking at!
- They're expecting you.
- Me?
Both of you.
Here they come.
Have a seat.
Do you two know each other?
Fýrat Baran. Acar Aydýn.
Sorry. I didn't recognize you
out there. I apologize.
It doesn't matter.
Fýrat, what's going on with
the congregation?
- They're clean, chief.
- Good.
I'm sending you both
to New York for a couple of days.
Oðuz.
Here he is, the guy we've been after
all these years: Dajjal.
The FBI just arrested him in New York.
This picture was taken yesterday.
They caught our guy in America.
He's got a store in Soho.
It's interesting. We're told...
...he doesn't have a criminal record.
And because Dajjal hasn't been
mixed up in any terrorist or criminal...
...activities over there, the Americans
are extraditing him to Turkey to stand trial.
Fýrat, thanks to your hard work...
...we've uncovered
Dajjal's true identity.
But I don't approve of your methods.
Talk! Hadji Gümüþ is Dajjal,
isn't he?
I told you I don't know.
Tell me! Dajjal is Hadji Gümüþ,
isn't he? Isn't he!
Yes. He is Dajjal.
I'll ask you one last time.
Dajjal is Hadji Gümüþ.
I didn't catch that.
Hadji Gümüþ is Dajjal.
Fýrat.
Everything's fine, sir.
He talked.
Dajjal is Hadji Gümüþ.
Dajjal is Arabic for "Antichrist".
The false prophet expected to wreak havoc...
...just before Judgment Day.
Hello. Firat, my boy.
Are you well?
I'm fine, grandfather.
How are you?
Is something wrong, son?
Grandfather, I'm going to America.
America?
My thoughts are with you.
Be safe.
Yes, grandfather.
Don't worry.
Alright, my boy.
I was 28 when the police force
sent me here for training.
I had a good time here.
What's the matter?
You don't like America?
Mind your own business.
Do you speak Kurdish?
Yes.
How're you?
I'm fine.
How did you learn Kurdish?
- What's he saying?
- Just a second.
What's he saying?
Let's go.
The guy hates Islam.
They think...
...anyone who's against them is a terrorist.
He really pissed me off.
Peace be with you.
Peace be upon you, Hadji Gümüþ!
Tell them we're also getting
into that vehicle.
You're a real legend back at
headquarters, Hadji. Keep praying.
Shut your mouth, Hadji.
- Are you alright?
- I'm fine.
- Good evening.
- Good evening, sir.
- Sir, something happened.
- Nothing bad I hope, Yasin.
Some trouble in America.
Dajjal's escaped on the way to the airport.
What!
That is all we know right now.
I'll keep you posted.
Alright.
What's he saying?
That we're guests, and we can' get involved.
I'm gonna let him have it!
Tell them we're going with them.
Are you all right, sir?
The FBI asked about you.
There were two Turkish cops with them.
I told them I didn't know anything.
Understood.
- Look, I'm Turkish too.
- Talk!
- You broke in without a warrant.
- Tell me where Hadji is!
- Talk!
- I don't know where he is, I swear!
- What did you say?
- I really don't know.
- Are you gonna talk?
Fýrat! Fýrat!
Fýrat!
Take your last breath.
Ok. I'll tell you.
Which way?
This way.
- Where?
- Here.
What the hell is this?
Bastard.
What are they saying?
Let me go!
Peace be with you.
Is it not a sin to torture an innocent boy
just because he works for me?
So here I am. What have I done wrong?
What am I accused of?
You know what you've done.
I'll be on your tail until you kill me.
Kill? God forbid.
God says:
"He who deliberately kills...
...shall be condemned to Hell
for all eternity."
That is:
"He who deliberately kills shall be
condemned to Hell for all eternity."
Hadji, don't you dare quote
the scripture to me.
So, you know the Koran.
I'm going to make a deal with you.
You'll be my guests for a few days.
Then I'll do whatever you want.
My wife, Maria.
Hello. Welcome.
Thank you.
Greetings. How are you?
Good night.
Praise Allah in these difficult days.
Hodja...
...is your wife Christian?
Yes.
But how? Isn't that contrary to Islam?
God is one, my son.
No matter our religion, don't we all
seek to become closer to God?
Our sins and virtues are intrinsic to us all.
Only He may judge us.
The scriptures say:
There is no coercion in religion.
Thou shall not use force.
What do you think about Islamic terror?
Terrorism is the most despicable
human act in the universe.
No religion or belief is so disgraceful
that it would embrace terrorism.
True Muslims can only be on the side
of serenity and peace.
Anyone who's become involved
in terrorism is no longer a Muslim.
It's late. My friends will take care of you.
Good night.
Fýrat, there's something odd
about all this, isn't there?
Look, he's just stalling us.
Don't believe a thing he says.
Haven't you slept, son?
Don't call me son, Hadji.
I don't know what you're accusing me of,
but I'm innocent.
Innocent? Don't lie to me, Hadji!
God forbid. I never lie, my son.
I told you not to call me son.
I know you've killed people.
May God protect me from such a sin.
Sin? You're a sinner
and a murderer, Hadji.
Call me what you will, but not a killer.
What are you doing in America?
What brought you here?
The great thinker Said-i Nursi, from
the village of Nurs, in Bitlis had a wise saying:
"Mankind has three problems:
Discrimination, poverty and ignorance.
Discrimination can be solved
with love and compassion, poverty with sharing...
...and ignorance can only be resolved
by education."
I came here because of the ignorance
of my family in Bitlis.
What does any of this have to do
with your family?
Ambition and a thirst for vengeance
will destroy a man.
When we return to Turkey
you will see that I am innocent.
By the grace of God...
...I will see Bitlis
and my mother before I die.
We're both able to figure people
out at a glance. We've got the wrong guy.
Your father loves you so much.
Friends, I've caused you a great
deal of trouble too.
I believe in divine justice.
We can go now.
Fýrat, come here for a second.
We need to talk.
We both know we've got
the wrong guy.
We what?
If we take Hadji to Turkey
that'll be the end of him.
Justice isn't blind in our country.
You know that.
This isn't our guy.
Have you lost your wits?
Who made you judge?
What is going on?
Tell me what they're saying.
They want us to hide Hadji
up on the roof.
It's your call.
Tell them to give us
back our weapons.
Come on Hadji.
This way.
Look me in the eye, Hadji.
And tell me.
Have you ever killed before, or not?
- I've never shot anyone, my son.
- Don't call me son.
I know you're a murderer.
I told you, I never shot anyone.
- I'm no murderer.
- Hadji, tell me the truth.
Time to confess. Admit it Hadji.
Fýrat, have you lost your mind?
Lower that gun.
They'll shoot all three of us.
Lower your gun.
In the name of God, tell the truth!
Are you a killer or not?
For the last time admit it.
Hadji.
On your knees, Hadji.
Welcome home, boys.
I'm proud of you.
This way. The car's waiting.
If we get this man to talk
everything will unravel.
Sooner or later, he'll talk.
Hello, Hadji.
Peace be with you.
Peace be upon you, Hadji.
How was the flight?
Fine.
I haven't set foot in my country
for 37 years.
You're lying! You've been to Iran, Sudan,
Malaysia,
You're lying.
Who are your connections in Turkey?
Who are you in touch with here?
When and how did your order
the assassinations and the bombings?
I haven't given anyone any orders.
Do you deny instigating and financing
terrorist activities?
I do.
That's not what we've been told by...
...all the dead journalists:
Gani Baþar, Kenan Demir and Dursun Mutlu.
Don't confuse me with those who
tarnish the name of Islam.
All you telling us all our evidence
is wrong? You're a fundamentalist!
Mahmut! He'll talk.
Look, you're a believer.
Don't push us into committing a sin.
We've all got families.
Al-Qaeda? The Taliban? Hezbollah?
Which one are you affiliated with?
I'm affiliated with God.
You're testing our patience!
Don't push us, Hadji.
- Good morning.
- Good morning, sir.
- Has he squealed yet?
- No.
Do you confess to attempting
to overthrow the secular order...
...and resorting to
murder and torture to spread Sharia?
I'd never confess to that.
I swear to God, I'm not your man.
Stop lying, Hadji.
I don't lie.
We know you, Hadji Gümüþ.
How can you make us believe
you're not guilty of these crimes?
God sees everything.
Your past is your past.
I'm telling you I'm innocent.
But you won't believe me.
I'm starting to wonder about this guy.
What do you think?
We've been interrogating him since day one.
He should have cracked by now.
You're tired. Go rest.
Thanks.
Sir, Hadji might talk to me.
Sure, give it a try. Good luck.
Thank you, sir.
Fatih, go on, get something to eat.
Hadji, wake up.
It's just us.
There is no escape from your sins.
God sees all, my son.
Don't call me son.
I'm innocent.
What do you want from me, son?
I'm telling you for the last time,
don't call me 'son'!
Hadji, did you not kill a man in 1973?
Did you not disappear in 1974,
after being released through a general amnesty?
1973, in Bitlis.
Do you remember, Hadji Gümüþ?
I've never forgotten.
I know you're a lowlife. A killer.
- Don't call me that.
- Don't lie to me, Hadji.
Then listen to me.
I was still a child.
I left the mosque with a Koran.
My older brother came up to me.
Fellow Muslims, anyone who says
violence has no place in Islam...
...is an infidel, who doesn't know
the meaning of jihad.
To ensure the dominance of Islam,
you must be prepared for torture and death!
Death on the path of Allah is not death:
It's resurrection.
May Allah be with you.
Amen.
God is great!
My Sheik, we got the new orders.
- Good.
- We visited the Muslims as instructed...
...but no one gave donations.
Is that so? As we battle for Islam have those
degenerates turned their backs on us?
They've yielded to temptation and lost faith.
Let's punish them.
Patience. We need to be patient.
Alright.
This is the infidel cop who informed on us.
Hamza!
Hello. Are you back, son?
- I'm back, grandfather.
- Welcome back.
I've been unable to sleep much recently.
How did it go?
- Grandfather, are you well?
- No, I'm not.
I'm on this earth today, gone tomorrow.
Put me at ease before I die.
- Be at ease, grandfather!
- Goodbye.
Hadji's innocent.
What are you talking about?
What makes you think that?
He's innocent.
They used us - used me -
to protect the real Dajjal.
What's that supposed to mean, Fýrat?
We contacted Interpol
and had the FBI apprehend him.
And now you're telling me we have the wrong guy?
We look like a bunch of fools.
I'd never have expected this from you.
- Sir.
- Shut up! You screwed up. Get out of my sight.
Fýrat, how many times
did I tell you he was innocent?
You wouldn't believe me.
Anyway, don't beat yourself up.
Good afternoon.
- Good afternoon, Acar.
- What's wrong with him?
Sorry for bothering you, sir.
But it's important.
It's Salim, sir.
Those who spill the blood of Muslims
won't go unpunished.
We will fight the infidels until Palestine,
Iraq and Afghanistan are liberated.
Collaborators will not be forgiven.
In the name of Allah. God is great.
God damn it.
Don't let it get you down, Fýrat.
We all make mistakes.
What difference does it make if it happened
in Istanbul or somewhere else?
I've spent a lifetime knee-deep in filth
to catch these scum.
- I'm worn out.
- Me too.
Excuse me.
Hello?
What?
They caught Dajjal.
Allah is great. Allah is great.
We're soldiers of God.
Allah is great.
Peace be with you.
Peace be upon you.
The people who have been using these bastards
to kill our colleagues...
...think they run the country.
Find out who's really behind this
and turn them over to...
...some honest public prosecutors.
Yes, sir.
Any news on the Dursun Þahin assassination?
The suspects have vanished into thin air.
This country's awash in filth.
I want to see that lowlife.
You coldblooded bastard.
Tell me who you're working for.
Who's giving you your orders?
I take my orders from Allah.
I'm waging holy war on the path of Allah.
What part of kidnapping...
...and robbing Muslims, burying them alive...
...cutting off their heads is holy war?
You piece of shit.
The Koran instructs us to do battle
until everyone is a Muslim.
The Prophet Muhammed fought
the enemies of Allah until his dying breath.
We'll do the same.
Allah instructed the Prophet to
use persuasion and wisdom...
...to spread God's word.
Jihad is simply an invitation to tread the
path of God while seeking the truth.
When attacked by enemies, our Prophet defended
his life, property and honor.
In his 23 years as Prophet, he fought
only for two months.
May God forgive our sins.
I'm sorry, Hadji.
I apologize personally
and on behalf of the police force.
We made a terrible mistake.
It's God's will.
I'm glad we worked together.
Me too, Acar.
But something still puzzles me.
I'm listening.
From the very beginning
you knew he was innocent.
Why did you insist he was guilty?
Life's like that.
Sometimes we make mistakes.
- My condolences.
- Thank you.
- Bless you.
I'm sorry again.
You followed orders.
It's not your fault.
Everyone's apologized.
What's done is done.
What do you intend to do now?
We'll stay here for a few days.
Then we'll see Marcus off.
Then, God willing, I'll take my wife to Bitlis...
...to see my mother.
Hadji, let us take you to Bitlis.
- Don't trouble yourself.
- What do you mean?
You looked after us in New York.
Now it's our turn.
My son.
If none of this had happened,
we'd never have come here.
Thank you.
I've missed Bitlis.
If you missed it,
why didn't you come earlier?
I didn't want to stir up old problems.
But I should have come here a long time ago.
Anyone home?
What is it? Who are you looking for?
Ask if there is a hotel around here.
Is there a hotel around here?
In these parts, if someone
asks for a hotel...
...we put them up in our homes.
You're a guest of God.
- Welcome.
- Don't trouble yourself.
It's no trouble. Come in.
Please excuse me for a minute.
I'll be back soon.
What is it?
Fýrat lied to us all.
What?
We went through his files for the report.
And?
He changed his surname before entering the force.
His father is Ýsmail Eren. It was his father
that Hadji Gümüþ shot in 1973.
Who told us Hadji Gümüþ was Dajjal?
It was Fýrat. Unable to track down
his father's killer in Turkey...
...he led us to Hadji Gümüþ
by claiming he was Dajjal.
Do you realize what you're saying, Mahmut?
My boy...
...you brought that scum...
...back where he killed your father.
When his blood is on the flag on the roof...
...your father will finally rest in peace.
Grandfather, he's not a killer!
What are talking about?
Do you hear what you're saying?
He killed your father.
I know a killer when I see one.
Hadji told me everything.
He's a good man.
A good man?
I've been a mother and father to you.
It's your duty to avenge your father.
Get out of my sight.
You're not my grandson anymore!
I've wasted my life to avenge my father.
I hunted down an innocent man for years.
I swear to God and the Koran,
Hadji is innocent.
Is this true, son?
He was your son,
but he was my father.
Hadji is the best person I've ever met.
You know better.
I'm sorry I hit you.
I've got to get back to them.
I won't be late tonight.
Come home as soon as you can.
We have a lot to talk about. I've missed you.
See you later, grandfather.
Ok, son.
Thank you.
Münevver, prepare supper.
So, how are you? Are you comfortable?
Come. Sit down and let's talk.
You're from around here?
You could say so.
Why'd you come to Bitlis.
To visit someone
haven't seen for a long time.
God willing, you'll be reunited.
God willing.
What about your family?
I had two sons. The older one
died of cancer ten years ago.
And the younger?
He was in prison.
He was released...
...but I never saw him again.
We've got enemies here.
I miss him so much.
He's far away.
But at least he's alive.
Mother.
I'm Hadji.
It's me, Hadji, mother.
- Hadji?
- Yes.
It's you.
My son.
It's me, mother. Forgive me.
Hadji.
My son.
Praise God.
My dear son, my boy.
Where have you been?
Far away, mother.
I'm here now.
And this is my wife, Maria.
Welcome to our home, dear girl.
She doesn't speak Turkish.
And she's Christian.
It doesn't matter, son.
Everyone is equal.
Come over here.
Mother, these are my friends.
Because of them,
I was able to come to Bitlis.
This is Acar.
And this is Fýrat, also from Bit...
Grandfather.
Ýsmail.
This is from the Gümüþ family.
Hadji!
Take it.
- I told you to take it.
- Brother, no.
Take it.
You did it.
You're the killer.
Hadji!
Fýrat.
I love you.
This all happened because of me.
Do you know who I am?
I never forgot those eyes.
You have your father's eyes.
Hadji, forgive me.
You're the best person I ever met.
Forgive me.
Don't be upset, my son.
It's God's will.
I fled from ignorance...
...and now I die from ignorance.
My wife, my daughter...
Daugh...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org